Compose REM + ZNE in Mitiq (#1745)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/examples/combine_rem_zne.md

In [REM](../guide/rem.md), the inverse transition / confusion matrix is generated and applied to the noisy measurement results.
In [ZNE](../guide/zne.md), the expectation value of the observable of interest is computed at different noise levels, and subsequently the ideal expectation value is inferred by extrapolating the measured results to the zero-noise
limit. 
More information on the REM and ZNE techniques can be found in the corresponding sections of the user guide (linked
above).

+++

## Setup

We begin by importing the relevant modules and libraries required for the rest of this tutorial.

```{code-cell} ipython3
import cirq
import numpy as np
from mitiq.benchmarks import generate_rb_circuits
from mitiq import MeasurementResult, Observable, PauliString, raw
```

## Task

We will demonstrate using REM + ZNE on RB circuits, which are generated using Mitiq's built-in benchmarking circuit generation function, {func}`.generate_rb_circuits()`. 
More information on the RB protocol is available [here](https://learn.qiskit.org/course/quantum-hardware/randomized-benchmarking). 

> In this example we use a two-qubit RB circuit with a Clifford depth (number of Clifford groups) of 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we use a two-qubit RB circuit with a Clifford depth (number of Clifford group elements) of 10.
```
